And this is...
Ah, this is my junior high school classmate Ye Feng
Ye Feng
This is my boyfriend Zhu's Chao Zhu Zuo
Hello, honey.
Today, the senior leader is coming to inspect
How about you go to the office first to sit and pretend
Which senior management do you mean?
The new owner of the new moon
I heard he is a young genius
Okay, then I'll listen to you and stay in the office.
Go shopping after get off work in the afternoon.
Ye Feng, do you have anything to do later?
If you're okay
Let my boyfriend treat you to dinner after get off work.
I was fine
Now that there is a normal school, it is not necessary.
Baby, you know I have a high status now
Only eat with management
You don't want
Let such a lowly person eat with me
Waste of time
Well, all right.
You hang out during work hours
Receive bribes from merchants
Do you work like this and no one cares about you?
What are you?
I have the final say in this mall
I can take it if I want
Merchant laws can't help me
What? Forget it.
He's just a country bumpkin.
The newly arrived emperor doesn't know anything
Don't get to know him in general
Ye Feng
My boyfriend is the manager of global procurement
Whoever is allowed in the whole mall is not allowed in
He has the final say
What are you meddling in?
Is there anything else?
I'll go if it's nothing
Don't associate with this kind of turtle in the future
This low-level person will only lower your status